Add to exemptions docs (#457)
FairwindsOps/polaris: docs-md/customization/exemptions.md

## Config

> To exempt a controller via the config, you have to specify a namespace (optional), a list of controller names and a list of rules (optional), e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exempt a controller via the config, you must specify one or more controller names (nb: any controller with this _prefix_ will be exempted). You can also specify particular namespaces or a list of particular rules. For example:
```

```yaml
exemptions:
  # exemption valid for kube-system namespace
  - namespace: kube-system
    controllerNames:
    - dns-controller
    rules:
    - hostNetworkSet
  # exemption valid for all rules on all controllers in default namespace
  - namespace: default
    controllerNames:
    - ""
  # exemption valid in all namespaces
  - controllerNames:
    - dns-controller
    rules:
    - hostNetworkSet
```

> If no rules are specified then every rule is exempted. Controller names are matched as a prefix, so an empty string will match every controller.

Reviewer: I would suggest moving this up above the snippet

Author: Good call, I want to test it out first, Dominik was saying it didn't work for him.
